README.md, before:

# hackerrank-interview-preparation-kit

Solutions for [hackerrank interview preparation kit](https://www.hackerrank.com/interview/interview-preparation-kit) in java 11.

## Arrays
1. [2D Array -DS](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/2d-array/problem?h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=arrays)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/arrays/HourGlassArray.pdf)
   - [Solution](/src/main/solution/arrays/HourGlassArray.java)
2. [New Year Chaos](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/new-year-chaos/problem?h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=arrays)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/arrays/NewYearChaos.pdf)
   - [Solution](/src/main/solution/arrays/NewYearChaos.java)
3. [Minimum Swaps 2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/minimum-swaps-2/problem?h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=arrays)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/arrays/MinimumSwaps2.pdf)
   - [Solution](/src/main/solution/arrays/MinimumSwaps2.java)

## Dictionaries and Hashmaps
1. [Ransom Note](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-ransom-note/problem?h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=dictionaries-hashmaps)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/dictionariesandhashmaps/RansomNote.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/dictionariesandhashmaps/RansomNote.java)
2. [Two Strings](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/two-strings/problem?h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=dictionaries-hashmaps)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/dictionariesandhashmaps/TwoStrings.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/dictionariesandhashmaps/TwoStrings.java)
3. [Sherlock And Anagrams](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sherlock-and-anagrams/problem?h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=dictionaries-hashmaps)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/dictionariesandhashmaps/SherlockAndAnagrams.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/dictionariesandhashmaps/SherlockAndAnagrams.java)
4. [Count Triplets](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/count-triplets-1/problem?h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=dictionaries-hashmaps)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/dictionariesandhashmaps/CountTriplets.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/dictionariesandhashmaps/CountTriplets.java)
5. [Frequency Queries](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/frequency-queries/problem?filter=java&filter_on=language&h_l=interview&page=2&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=dictionaries-hashmaps)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/dictionariesandhashmaps/FrequencyQueries.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/dictionariesandhashmaps/FrequencyQueries.java)   

## Sorting
1. [Bubble Sort](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-bubble-sort/problem?isFullScreen=true&h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=sorting)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/sorting/bubblesort.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/sorting/BubbleSort.java)   
2. [Comparator](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-comparator-sorting/problem?isFullScreen=true&h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=sorting)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/sorting/comparator.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/sorting/ComparatorSolution.java)
3. [Mark and Toys](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/mark-and-toys/problem?isFullScreen=true&h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=sorting)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/sorting/mark-and-toys.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/sorting/MarkAndToysSolution.java)

## String Manipulation
1. [Anagrams](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-making-anagrams/problem?isFullScreen=true&h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=strings)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/stringmanipulation/ctci-making-anagrams-English.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/stringmanipulation/Anagrams.java)
2. [Alternating Characters](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/alternating-characters/problem?isFullScreen=true&h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=strings)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/stringmanipulation/alternating-characters-English.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/stringmanipulation/AlternatingCharacters.java)
3. [Sherlock and the Valid String](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sherlock-and-valid-string/problem?h_l=interview&isFullScreen=false&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=strings)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/stringmanipulation/sherlock-and-valid-string-English.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/stringmanipulation/SherlockValidString.java)
4. [Special Strings Again](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/special-palindrome-again/problem?isFullScreen=true&h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=strings)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/stringmanipulation/special-palindrome-again-English.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/stringmanipulation/SpecialString.java)
5. [Common Child](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/common-child/problem?isFullScreen=true&h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=strings)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/stringmanipulation/common-child-English.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/stringmanipulation/CommonChild.java)

## Greedy Algorithms
1. [Minimum Absolute Difference](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/minimum-absolute-difference-in-an-array/problem?h_l=interview&isFullScreen=false&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=greedy-algorithms)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/greedyalgorithms/minimum-absolute-difference-in-an-array-English.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/greedyalgorithms/MinimumAbsoluteDifference.java)
2. [Luck Balance](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/luck-balance/problem?h_l=interview&isFullScreen=false&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=greedy-algorithms)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/greedyalgorithms/LuckBalance.java)
3. [Greedy Florist](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/greedy-florist/problem?h_l=interview&isFullScreen=false&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=greedy-algorithms)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/greedyalgorithms/greedy-florist-English.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/greedyalgorithms/GreedyFlorist.java)
4. [Max Min](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/angry-children/problem?h_l=interview&isFullScreen=false&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=greedy-algorithms)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/greedyalgorithms/angry-children-English.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/greedyalgorithms/MaxMin.java)

## Search
1. [Ice cream Parlor](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-ice-cream-parlor/problem?h_l=interview&isFullScreen=false&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=search)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/search/ctci-ice-cream-parlor-English.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/search/IceCreamParlor.java)

Commit message:

Add asterisk to important problems

README.md, after:

# hackerrank-interview-preparation-kit

Solutions for [hackerrank interview preparation kit](https://www.hackerrank.com/interview/interview-preparation-kit) in java 11.
Problems that are common are marked with '*'

## Arrays
1. [2D Array -DS](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/2d-array/problem?h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=arrays)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/arrays/HourGlassArray.pdf)
   - [Solution](/src/main/solution/arrays/HourGlassArray.java)
2. [New Year Chaos](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/new-year-chaos/problem?h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=arrays)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/arrays/NewYearChaos.pdf)
   - [Solution](/src/main/solution/arrays/NewYearChaos.java)
3. [Minimum Swaps 2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/minimum-swaps-2/problem?h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=arrays)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/arrays/MinimumSwaps2.pdf)
   - [Solution](/src/main/solution/arrays/MinimumSwaps2.java)

## Dictionaries and Hashmaps
1. [Ransom Note](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-ransom-note/problem?h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=dictionaries-hashmaps)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/dictionariesandhashmaps/RansomNote.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/dictionariesandhashmaps/RansomNote.java)
2. [Two Strings](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/two-strings/problem?h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=dictionaries-hashmaps)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/dictionariesandhashmaps/TwoStrings.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/dictionariesandhashmaps/TwoStrings.java)
3. [Sherlock And Anagrams](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sherlock-and-anagrams/problem?h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=dictionaries-hashmaps)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/dictionariesandhashmaps/SherlockAndAnagrams.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/dictionariesandhashmaps/SherlockAndAnagrams.java)
4. [Count Triplets](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/count-triplets-1/problem?h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=dictionaries-hashmaps)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/dictionariesandhashmaps/CountTriplets.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/dictionariesandhashmaps/CountTriplets.java)
5. [Frequency Queries](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/frequency-queries/problem?filter=java&filter_on=language&h_l=interview&page=2&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=dictionaries-hashmaps)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/dictionariesandhashmaps/FrequencyQueries.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/dictionariesandhashmaps/FrequencyQueries.java)   

## Sorting
1. [Bubble Sort](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-bubble-sort/problem?isFullScreen=true&h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=sorting)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/sorting/bubblesort.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/sorting/BubbleSort.java)   
2. [Comparator](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-comparator-sorting/problem?isFullScreen=true&h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=sorting)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/sorting/comparator.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/sorting/ComparatorSolution.java)
3. [Mark and Toys](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/mark-and-toys/problem?isFullScreen=true&h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=sorting)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/sorting/mark-and-toys.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/sorting/MarkAndToysSolution.java)

## String Manipulation
1. [Anagrams](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-making-anagrams/problem?isFullScreen=true&h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=strings)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/stringmanipulation/ctci-making-anagrams-English.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/stringmanipulation/Anagrams.java)
2. [Alternating Characters](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/alternating-characters/problem?isFullScreen=true&h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=strings)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/stringmanipulation/alternating-characters-English.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/stringmanipulation/AlternatingCharacters.java)
3. [Sherlock and the Valid String](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sherlock-and-valid-string/problem?h_l=interview&isFullScreen=false&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=strings)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/stringmanipulation/sherlock-and-valid-string-English.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/stringmanipulation/SherlockValidString.java)
4. [Special Strings Again](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/special-palindrome-again/problem?isFullScreen=true&h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=strings)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/stringmanipulation/special-palindrome-again-English.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/stringmanipulation/SpecialString.java)
5. [Common Child*](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/common-child/problem?isFullScreen=true&h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=strings)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/stringmanipulation/common-child-English.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/stringmanipulation/CommonChild.java)

## Greedy Algorithms
1. [Minimum Absolute Difference](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/minimum-absolute-difference-in-an-array/problem?h_l=interview&isFullScreen=false&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=greedy-algorithms)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/greedyalgorithms/minimum-absolute-difference-in-an-array-English.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/greedyalgorithms/MinimumAbsoluteDifference.java)
2. [Luck Balance](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/luck-balance/problem?h_l=interview&isFullScreen=false&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=greedy-algorithms)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/greedyalgorithms/LuckBalance.java)
3. [Greedy Florist](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/greedy-florist/problem?h_l=interview&isFullScreen=false&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=greedy-algorithms)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/greedyalgorithms/greedy-florist-English.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/greedyalgorithms/GreedyFlorist.java)
4. [Max Min](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/angry-children/problem?h_l=interview&isFullScreen=false&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=greedy-algorithms)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/greedyalgorithms/angry-children-English.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/greedyalgorithms/MaxMin.java)

## Search
1. [Ice cream Parlor](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-ice-cream-parlor/problem?h_l=interview&isFullScreen=false&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D=search)
   - [Problem Statement](src/resources/search/ctci-ice-cream-parlor-English.pdf)
   - [Solution](src/main/solution/search/IceCreamParlor.java)
